ye the night yeah oh my god kojayi
hopping through the window ah Oh
insecure for a commode porter not an
awesome nothing good knife everything
are coming in through this window what
if what if what if we were playing this
game and all of a sudden like there are
a ton of zombies climbing into the into
the map and they did just heard they
crammed through your windows they
snatchin yo people up I'd be mildly
upset don't run he's trying to ram him
he trying to RAM them Oh y'all meet the
what would you do in that situation I
don't even know I'm back Rama back Ranma
backing you think ramming is about the
fact i do not think rammons about sex
the latest not act of taking a car and
clamping it i need help i need help i
need help oh my god fuck you pat me i'll
get down here we got to revive you in
before we get them at this fat spin spin
oh my god let me go just let me die just
let me die anything I'm not leaving you
buy them everything's going red I can't
in the pain in the penis in the peanut
in the peanut oh yeah this is an issue
there are power up the rear shit
chickety chickety chickety got that I
need help bark yeah I can't I can't move
I'm trying to Rama I am Lamar Odom all
right now leave the crawler leave leave
a crawler leave a crawler open the door
they were about to get dog but I already
did stop the game I'm faxing my job my
dad detective a if I keep your voice
down please oh my god I I Jericho I I
what the first time like I ever like met
you on here he did like it sound like
Billy's of a really nerdy kid from the
Simpson traps without the wear off we
got to go go where I don't have my god
you pulled out this should do hold out
saw this is a holdout song like this
want you to go crazy no this is a hold
out with good jong-seong this is not a
hold out with and pistol brigade where
we find length to ian porfavor it lets
us go upstairs to the awesome
the people thing like organ and I'm just
like all right I'm dead serious i'm
gonna go i'm about to blink in myself I
don't know I'm about to go I'm going I'm
going go I'm still and you're lacking in
the dye you're letting in the dye that
just happened I have heavy music heavy
like metal music blaring in my ears and
I'm like getting chased by zombies and I
mandya needs a USP any of the ust cover
Ian he doesn't have a good gun how do I
linked it on my own oh my god no no we
don't need to dangling it is it length
right its links link at you shit its
length you or do it now no don't no no
no no no in another corner Corner corner
corner no no income here oh god which
corner this corner over here corner that
corner of you here I'm running low on
ammo go use all your ammo if you always
get a mac oh yeah you get a mac down
with the am afraid whoever just did that
I can't see CheY Mustang Sally a little
bit farther out
I got eighty four shots left you're fine
get them back the end of round leave one
clip though and you're gone oh you guys
got revived me I think I can cover I can
cover cover me cover me cobran yes medic
yeah I'm back baby fuck really don't
don't get it don't get it wait I gotta
reload my son before you tell me what
now go get no we don't have an ammonia
and now its length we don't go up yet
though we only use overtired we use it
in dire situations in I got this you're
dumb bitches I've got my skull crusher
which is a piece o shit wait why don't
you make videos and you don't think I
got billions on the ground you can go
around right now no kind of dead when
I'm sitting on the ground Jerry Brown
knows how he's reviving me use the
couches cover they can't break through
that look at my kills work at my kill